initial documentation for HtmlLinkElement.hreflang (#31517)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmllinkelement/hreflang/index.md

---
title: "HTMLLinkElement: hreflang property"
short-title: hreflang
slug: Web/API/HTMLLinkElement/hreflang
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.HTMLLinkElement.hreflang
---

{{ApiRef("HTML DOM")}}

> The **`hreflang`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLLinkElement")}} interface has same semantics as {{domxref("HTMLAnchorElement.hreflang")}} property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`hreflang`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLLinkElement")}} interface has the same semantics as {{domxref("HTMLAnchorElement.hreflang")}} property.
```

---
title: "HTMLLinkElement: hreflang property"
short-title: hreflang
slug: Web/API/HTMLLinkElement/hreflang
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.HTMLLinkElement.hreflang
---

{{ApiRef("HTML DOM")}}

> The **`hreflang`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLLinkElement")}} interface has the same semantics as the {{domxref("HTMLAnchorElement.hreflang")}} property.

Reviewer 2: We should explain it rather than link. That way,

- web devs don't need an extra link
- eventual tiny differences can be explained

This semantics is unlikely to change in the future, so this doesn't add any burden to maintain it.

Author: I try to explain use case

---
title: "HTMLLinkElement: hreflang property"
short-title: hreflang
slug: Web/API/HTMLLinkElement/hreflang
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.HTMLLinkElement.hreflang
---

{{ApiRef("HTML DOM")}}

> The **`hreflang`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLLinkElement")}} is used to indicate the language and the geographical targeting of a page. This improves SEO(Search Engine Optimization).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`hreflang`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLLinkElement")}} is used to indicate the language and the geographical targeting of a page. This hint can be used by browsers to select the more appropriate page or to improve {{Glossary("SEO")}}.
```
